# We won!

In the Hong Kong and Macau Regional Development class compeition, our team achieved a result of fifth place in the pool of 24 teams, securing a spot in the Professional Class competition. We are determined to get a podium in the Professional Class competition and advance to the world finals!

## 24 Aug

The competition began on 24 Aug, at Hong Kong Productivity Council. We set up a "pit display" (a special stall to showcase our car design and team management) and got ready for racing. The day was filled with timed trials. There was also a special judging session on our pit display. The day ended with a verbal presentation, at 17:00 UTC+8.

## 25 Aug

The second day included a series of knockout races. Our car performed really well in the races, and eventually got to top four. It was extremely satisfying watching our car run faster than most of the others', but then quite nervous when the result is not revealed yet. Even it is only a matter of seconds, we were all very excited.

However, we were unable to beat all the other groups in top four. A little disappointing, but we all have high hopes on other of the judging aspects, like enterprise identity and presentation.

## Conclusion

Although only at the fifth place, we never expected ourselves to achieve this high. Also, we had tight timeframes and packed schedules during the summer break, making this even harder. However, thanks to our great dedication and skills, we were still able to make this.

Next time, we will employ better team management tools and improve our presentation skills. We are also improving our car to avoid some mistakes we made, like sticking A4 paper on the car body. We will all aim higher for the next time!
